Add userdata script error detection permissions for cloud compute environments (#1387)
seqeralabs/docs: platform-cloud/docs/compute-envs/google-cloud.md

If your Google Cloud project does not require access restrictions on any of its Cloud Storage buckets, you can grant project Storage Admin (`roles/storage.admin`) permissions to your service account to simplify setup. To grant access only to specific buckets, add the service account as a principal [on each bucket individually](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-cloud/compute-envs/google-cloud-batch#cloud-storage-bucket). For each Google Cloud compute environment created in the Seqera platform, a separate service account is created with the necessary permissions to launch pipelines/studios.

#### Userdata script error detection (optional)

> Seqera can retrieve the serial port output of the Compute Engine instance to detect errors in the userdata script that bootstraps the VM during instance startup. This capability is included in the `roles/compute.instanceAdmin.v1` role listed above. If you use a custom role instead, include the `compute.instances.getSerialPortOutput` permission. Without this permission, userdata script failures are not detected, and no warning is shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Platform can retrieve the serial port output of the Compute Engine instance to detect errors in the userdata script that bootstraps the VM during instance startup. This capability is included in the `roles/compute.instanceAdmin.v1` role listed above. If you use a custom role instead, include the `compute.instances.getSerialPortOutput` permission. Without this permission, userdata script failures are not detected, and no warning is shown.
```

> Seqera can retrieve the serial port output of the Compute Engine instance to detect errors in the userdata script that bootstraps the VM during instance startup. This capability is included in the `roles/compute.instanceAdmin.v1` role listed above. If you use a custom role instead, ensure it includes the `compute.instances.getSerialPortOutput` permission. Without this permission, userdata script failures are not detected and no warning is shown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Seqera can retrieve the serial port output of the Compute Engine instance to detect errors in the userdata script that bootstraps the VM during instance startup. This capability is included in the `roles/compute.instanceAdmin.v1` role listed above. If you use a custom role instead, include the `compute.instances.getSerialPortOutput` permission. Without this permission, userdata script failures are not detected, and no warning is shown.
```
